swap sense of M-bit, so that 0 is cap mode (#305)
riscv/riscv-cheri: src/cap-description.adoc

| Reserved | zeros | All reserved fields
|==============================================================================

> NOTE: <<null-cap>> is not a code capability, and so the CHERI execution mode is not encoded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: For MXLEN=64, the <<m_bit>> is encoded outside of AP and is set to zero for <<null-cap>>.
```

I'd just say we encode M as zero? Alternatively, we could add a `M` row to the table and just add a note there `(not present for MXLEN=32)`: e.g.
```
| M        | zero  | No meaning since non-executable (MXLEN=64 only)
```

Author: ok done - will commit shortly
